after installed and recognized scania
it is necessary to configure the
profile
to do so simply click on the
scania
stay in set up
in this window you
name the profiles according to your
need
these numbers
settings are associated with the
number
what appears on the display of your Scania
for you and name one of these profiles
just click on rename in this case the
people will keep colorful pdf
here you select the application option
type of file that are all the
extensions that the file after
will be saved
We'll put it as pdf
here is the path that the file will be
except you select your two options
name file before saving and edit
images before saving click on
settings
Click Save As As We Are
the colored profile we'll put name
200 dps color that the resolution and
people will put an option to delete
sheet on the reverse side click
to save
the input document is two sides one
side forward one side verse I want it
scanned on both sides of this
configuration
click settings
nothing general click scan as
placed select color option 24
bit resolution 200 of bee gees type
compaction will be jotapeg and quality
draft
these two harvests we will have nothing
white image detection enhancements
select this option based on the
content of documents
the amount of content 3%
the reverse sheet that is
If you have content less than 3% it will
delete this sheet
click ok
save changes to the shortcut and here the
configuration shortcut already appeared
200 kbps color is the back then
apply now we will change the
setting for black and white
select option 2 destination application
pdf file type
the path is already saved in the folder
select these two
options again appoint file before
save edit images before saving
click settings
and here we will do the step again
to set black and white save
how to put the name black and white 200
in
the back is the name of the configuration too
which will delete the sheet is the verse that
have white will you be able to save
the input document is the two sides
settings on the general tab
scan as a bit black and white
200 dps resolution type of compression
win the group 4 in the morning, I'm not going
tamper with the detection enhancement of
white image we will select the option
based on the content of the documents
the amount of content 3%
ok save changes to the shortcut
to apply
the two basic settings that the
people use are ready now it 's just
Click on the desired option that we will
carry out an attack
selecting the black and white option
it will open the marty touch option
you view the file
a file was viewed
completed
will open the line window for you to
neighborhood just put the file name
the file is already healthy
and it opens to you the application to
to view an italian file